Document limitations of examples shipped with this library (#95)
107-systems/107-Arduino-UAVCAN: README.md

* [UAVCAN-ToF-Distance-Sensor-Node](https://github.com/107-systems/UAVCAN-ToF-Distance-Sensor-Node): Demo firmware for UAVCAN ToF Distance Sensor Node utilizing 107-Arduino-UAVCAN.

### Example

> **Note**: Please be advised that the [examples](https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-UAVCAN/tree/master/examples) shipped with this library are to be considered minimal examples to get you started working with [UAVCAN](https://uavcan.org/). They are by no means a full implementation of a UAVCAN node, have a look at the reference implementations instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Please be advised that the [examples](https://github.com/107-systems/107-Arduino-UAVCAN/tree/master/examples) shipped with this library are to be considered minimal examples to get you started working with [UAVCAN](https://uavcan.org/).
They are known to violate section **2.1.2.2 Regulation** of the UAVCAN Specification due to their reliance on hard-coded port identifiers.
A compliant implementation would instead provide configurable port-IDs and support the Register Interface (section **5.3 Application-layer functions**).
Fully compliant examples that implement reconfigurable port-IDs are shipped separately; e.g., [UAVCAN-GNSS-Node](https://github.com/107-systems/UAVCAN-GNSS-Node).
```

Author: Looks good to me :+1: Now we better get configurable port-IDs set-up for [UAVCAN-GNSS-Node](https://github.com/107-systems/UAVCAN-GNSS-Node) :wink:
